README.md, before:

# gocli

A simple, cross-platform CLI tool written in Go for running custom scripts and installing packages from the terminal. Built with the Cobra CLI framework, `gocli` is designed to be easily extensible and user-friendly.

## Features

- Run custom shell scripts with subcommands
- Install tools like Neofetch via CLI
- Easily extensible for new scripts and commands
- Cross-platform support

## Installation

To install `gocli` globally, run:

```bash
bash <(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/amoga-io/run/main/install.sh)
```

Or, build from source:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/amoga-io/run.git
cd gocli
go build -o gocli
```

## Usage

### Run a script

```bash
gocli run hello -a "World"
```

### Install Neofetch

```bash
gocli install neofetch
```

### Show help

```bash
gocli --help
```

## Project Structure

```
.
├── cmd/         # CLI command implementations
├── scripts/     # Shell scripts
├── install.sh   # Installer script
├── main.go      # Entry point
```

## Requirements

- Go 1.18+
- Bash
- Internet connection (for some scripts)

## Uninstallation

To completely remove `gocli` from your system:

1. Delete the `gocli` binary:

   ```bash
   rm -f $(which gocli)
   # or
    rm -f /usr/local/bin/gocli
   ```

2. (Optional) Remove the cloned repository:

   ```bash
   rm -rf ~/.gocli
   ```

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please open issues or submit pull requests for new features, bug fixes, or improvements.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

Refactor project from gocli to devkit, update workflows, remove Makefile, and enhance installation scripts
- Renamed the project from gocli to devkit across all files and documentation.
- Updated GitHub Actions workflow to include pull request triggers and build steps for Go.
- Removed the Makefile as it was no longer needed.
- Updated README.md to reflect the new project name and installation instructions.
- Added new command structure for running scripts, including a hello command.
- Implemented new utility functions for script path management.
- Enhanced installation script with color-coded output and updated paths.
- Removed obsolete scripts (cmatrix.sh, neofetch.sh) and their associated commands.
- Added tests for the hello command to ensure functionality.
- Updated versioning information and improved version command output.

README.md, after:

# devkit

A simple, cross-platform CLI tool written in Go for running custom scripts and installing packages from the terminal. Built with the Cobra CLI framework, `devkit` is designed to be easily extensible and user-friendly.

## Features

- Run custom shell scripts with subcommands
- Install tools like Neofetch via CLI
- Easily extensible for new scripts and commands
- Cross-platform support

## Installation

To install `devkit` globally, run:

```bash
bash <(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/amoga-io/run/main/install.sh)
```

Or, build from source:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/amoga-io/run.git
cd devkit
go build -o devkit
```

## Usage

### Run a script

```bash
devkit run hello -a "World"
```

### Install Neofetch

```bash
devkit install neofetch
```

### Show help

```bash
devkit --help
```

## Project Structure

```
.
├── cmd/         # CLI command implementations
├── scripts/     # Shell scripts
├── install.sh   # Installer script
├── main.go      # Entry point
```

## Requirements

- Go 1.18+
- Bash
- Internet connection (for some scripts)

## Uninstallation

To completely remove `devkit` from your system:

1. Delete the `devkit` binary:

   ```bash
   rm -f $(which devkit)
   # or
    rm -f /usr/local/bin/devkit
   ```

2. (Optional) Remove the cloned repository:

   ```bash
   rm -rf ~/.devkit
   ```

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please open issues or submit pull requests for new features, bug fixes, or improvements.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
